blog(embertimes144): ember-simple-auth mixins (#611)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-04-17-the-ember-times-issue-144.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

> Quest Issue: Drop Mixins in ember-simple-auth 🔐,

Reviewer: Can we change the title to use "from" instead?
```suggestion
Quest Issue: Drop Mixins from ember-simple-auth 🔐,
```

---

> ## [Quest Issue: Drop Mixins in ember-simple-auth 🔐](https://twitter.com/marcoow/status/1250411978339819522)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Quest Issue: Drop Mixins from ember-simple-auth 🔐](https://twitter.com/marcoow/status/1250411978339819522)
```

[Marco Otte-Witte (@marcoow)](https://github.com/marcoow) announced a [quest issue to Drop Mixins](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth/issues/2185) in [ember-simple-auth](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth).

> The addon [ember-simple-auth](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth) is a lightweight library for implementing authentication and authorization with Ember.js applications. When it was originally designed, the addon was heavily leveraging [mixins](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/Mixin) so it could easily be integrated by developers into their applications. However, with [Native JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes), mixins aren't really well supported and you have to fall back to constructs like:

Reviewer: I noticed that Alex linter threw an error for the word "easily." What do you think about "so that developers could customize it for their applications"? Not sure if this captures your intent just as well.
```suggestion
The addon [ember-simple-auth](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-simple-auth) is a lightweight library for implementing authentication and authorization in Ember.js applications. When it was originally designed, the addon heavily leveraged [mixins](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/Mixin) so that developers could customize it for their applications. However, with [Native JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes), mixins aren't really well supported and you have to fall back to constructs like:
```

Author: Went with "one-step integrated" :)

> ```js

Reviewer: Thanks for including the code example!

export default class ProtectedRoute extends Route.extend(AuthenticatedRouteMixin) { }
```

> Furthermore, eventually mixins will likely be removed from Ember altogether and they already trigger [linter warnings](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/blob/master/docs/rules/no-mixins.md). The quest issue details several options to deal with this such as [Ember Decorators](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0408-decorators.md) or Mixins that [do not rely](https://justinfagnani.com/2015/12/21/real-mixins-with-javascript-classes/) on the Ember Object model. 

Reviewer: I don't know the current deprecation status for mixins. If they haven't been confirmed for deprecation yet, I think we can leave out the first sentence.
```suggestion
The quest issue details several options to deal with this such as [Ember Decorators](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0408-decorators.md) or Mixins that [do not rely](https://justinfagnani.com/2015/12/21/real-mixins-with-javascript-classes/) on the Ember Object model. 
```
Edit: I just started reading the actual quest, and now see that you were quoting Marco's words for the most part. Feel free to ignore this suggestion. :)
